Dr. Seuss
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Marilyn Monroe
“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.”
Bernard M. Baruch
“Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.”
Albert Einstein
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.”
Oscar Wilde
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
Dr. Seuss
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Mahatma Gandhi
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”
Marcus Tullius Cicero
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”
Mae West
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
Frank Zappa
“So many books, so little time.”
Robert Frost
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.”
C.S. Lewis
“Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one.”
Eleanor Roosevelt
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
Albert Camus
“Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.”
Albert Einstein
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.”
Mark Twain
“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.”
Oscar Wilde
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.”
Elbert Hubbard
“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.”
H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.”
Oscar Wilde
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.”
Maya Angelou
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”
J.K. Rowling
“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.”
Martin Luther King Jr.
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”
Marilyn Monroe
“I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.”
Ralph Waldo Emerson
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”
Apple Inc.
“Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.”
Friedrich Nietzsche
“Without music, life would be a mistake.”
John Lennon
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.”
Eleanor Roosevelt
“A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”
Malcolm X
“If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.”
Oscar Wilde
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”
Albert Einstein
“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
William Shakespeare
“The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.”
Bil Keane
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”
Marilyn Monroe
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
André Gide
“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
J.R.R. Tolkien
“All that is gold does not glitter,
Not all those who wander are lost;
The old that is strong does not wither,
Deep roots are not reached by the frost.

From the ashes a fire shall be woken,
A light from the shadows shall spring;
Renewed shall be blade that was broken,
The crownless again shall be king.”
Mark Twain
“Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.”
Mark Twain
“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.”
Groucho Marx
“Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.”
Mark Twain
“The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.”
Jane Austen
“The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
Elie Wiesel
“The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
Steve Martin
“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”
Friedrich Nietzsche
“That which does not kill us makes us stronger.”
Oscar Wilde
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.”
Albert Einstein
“I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.”
